hmm okay hey you to buy my point of this
and this is my second video um yeah well
I'm playing Gotham City Impostors on
Doc's it's a map on the docks and and I
have a golden silver camera or paint job
yeah that's what you call it in this
game I'm playing us a little skinny girl
with the ponytails I'm Joker yeah the
Joker girl whatever and that's the
golden gate keeper it's a first shot
machine golden gun that I've seen
because I've seen a golden dawn patrol
on YouTube and yeah it's really awesome
you get it buddy you get it by mastering
the weapon you get it by mastering the
weapon which is a computing all the
challenges to do it like extend mags the
red dot debris flags the the what else
it's like a bunch of them but you
complete them all but getting certain
kills with them and yeah it's pretty
awesome what thing it's lagging slagging
really bad well yeah uh yeah i'm using
the roller skates i'm using the roller
skates with the energy drink and extend
mags on the gatekeeper thinking at the
gatekeeper and the girl has a little bit
of lighter than where we have that much
only 140 I think pretty sure and I got a
double kill right there double headshot
that's how we do it all right and I'm
gonna kill streak and then I die because
someone killed me and yeah it's the
supper camel that one you get by getting
certain head shots with this which is
500 and I got both of them at the same
time the golden and the sober because
the last challenge you had to do for the
gatekeeper was getting headshots and
yeah
yeah what don't look at me don't look at
me already i'm doing a video right now
and I don't know what to say anymore I
just gotta kill no Jerry shut up all
right yeah this guy had like a Batman
background way i'm also going to show
you guys background i have the joker one
right now which you unlock by mastering
the gatekeeper i think it's a yeah it's
a joker and then I got the symbol of a
joker because joke is my favorite hero
and he's a hero I leave him alone he's
weird but he's still a hero and this is
the silver camera right here bluish this
is one of my favorite kalmo's it's
really awesome it doesn't look sober at
all but i guess and yeah i really like
this camel it's pretty hard to get
actually 500 headshots that's like the
only gun I used since the beginning I'm
like level 76 right now I'm said level
76 and it's pretty hard to get to get
golden and sober at least in my
experience and I'm headed for the dawn
patrol mastering it and getting yeah
getting the headshots all the camos I
got all the camels except the red alert
which is fight with it which is 4000
kills and yeah 1000 kills and the normal
things that's every other gun which is
this one with the gatekeeper I really
like the dawn patrol I usually with red
dog I'm also going to show some gameplay
of that but I get it gold and silver i'm
going to show you guys go for the gold
and silver I've never seen a silver gun
on YouTube it's like the first one which
i have it on YouTube I've seen active
like with people but in lobbies but not
on youtube so yeah I'm taking it out
here and putting the video for you guys
my 10 viewers my to subscribe here
I feel really special right now and
never gotten ten years in my life I'm
just kidding days alright so yeah I'm
apart I'm gonna put their like
information on my channel on Gotham City
Impostors because I really want to get a
lot of use so look like I want to get
prestige 10 like promotion sonicator
tense promotion I think there's only 10
which is 1000 level guys all right it's
a lot all right it's a lot of levels
right there so it's pretty hard I know
I'll do it an old to it I'm pretty good
even though this one was for just to
show you guys oh my god is gamma so
gorgeous dude I want to marry it I'm
married this camel it's long my favorite
guy massage hey that's second choice
right this one's my first all right um
yeah we're disc I'm class i'm using the
fat guy with the impact grenade we can
keep with extend math so that's how i
roll with the glider with the glider
YouTube's really fun right it was really
fun know that I would really like that
background the lady the pink lady my
friends touching his nipples he has
nipple fetish just like someone else on
YouTube he's gay d I'm it's lagging
hopefully it's really not this laggy
when I upload it cuz it's really liking
or bad right now guys yeah I didn't do
that good this video I don't know if
I've said it before but I'm with the
Joker's yeah I like being with Batman
better seems more interesting because no
I like being with Joker better because
he's my hero Batman's a villain or a
he's a villain he's supposed to die and
yeah that's the end of the game and I
got 250 I don't know what it's called
something cuz i got in second place with
a bad katie guys i'm a beast like you're
not even trying just showing off a camel
are you doing look I'm really good at
this game yeah this game is really
amazing it's only 15 bucks it's one of
my favorite games of all time I prefer
it more than call
of duty that's how good it is more than
call of duty are you guys well I was
invited to a gang and I didn't join I
was doing something right here I don't
even know what anymore alright thanks
for watching guys uh please rate comment
and subscribe if you liked it I will
come up with more more gameplay later
and thank you thank you